What happend to coco.she is innocent
REPORT BLOCK IGNORE
LETS GO NEED ASACOCO ASAP
WE all know why our dragon can’t stream for 3 weeks NMSLeses
Guys, what we come to do? enjoy the stream, what they cant do? stop the stream
We are here to watch the stream not the chat box, if its annoys you hidden it, Coco and Haachama are ignoring it too.
It was a fun mini-game to report bots and spam
The like-dislike ratio is kinda bad? I guess antis really hate anything that related to haato&coco. The war is still not over.
We did our best to report the bots.
I see comments saying "Whos from Malaysia" or anything related to Malaysia are probably just bots.
Reporting Antis is my new sport, I wanna make this into a World Cup
I BLOCK all the Anti's Spammer and my Chat is Clean LMAO
Some people in the comments were concerned about Italians watching the stream.As you probably imagined,we're in extreme pain!
Everything was in chaos
This is the longest 60 minutes of my life
Oh the antis already lose this much strength?
we should still stay alert, even tho they had gotten weaker
yo spamming Chinese out is bad,you know there are normal Chinese fans who just wants to watch em without getting political too
saying "bots get out" won't make bots leave the chat lol just report ,block
we know what the antis want. if we don't give it to them, then they've lost?
report"chinese pizza is real pizza" STOP TALKING ABOUT PIZZA ITS IRRELEVENT
slow mode would only put more screen time on the spammers
Those ridiculous spam are antis. it is hard to stay happy if those antis ruined everything
just ignore anyone that says anything basically. they're trying to agitate with "stop spamming" and the spam in general
reminder,bots are copying texts from chat,so just post something positive
MEMBER-ONLY CHAT PLEASE
STOP saying report, just REPORT IN SILENCE and you DON'T have to comment ABOUT IT!!!
annoying kanji i dont know whta they mean
don't talk about the ants on the floor You'll see what spam is cause you will recognize they are just saying the same things
They are Anti ...so they come to disrupt chat lol so ignor them enjoy stream or report them
I can only understand little JP so I‘m not totally sure that whether [EN] subtitle is about actual chat or random spams. Can anyone confirm me on this?
what's up with the spamming, not that Coco will read your comment either
What happened to fubuki why she is not tank?
No need to discuss about it, we just need to move on
[EN]but it made me think about it. So it seems. Generally speaking, we must all be sure to consider the matter carefully.
wow bots they are now creative
not all kanji is bot, just report repeated comments and don't give them attention
This is how I got A's on essays. I would say big brain but that sounds sort of narcissistic lol
the bot start reciting something again repeat dont repeat report report plz
bots just copy wikipedia hahaha
i already reported yo~~ bots
just report any non-English chats Feel like report don't work at all
we all know that as long as it is meaningful, it must be carefully considered.
other watching stream peaceful, other defending the chats from haters
you know the antis are losing when they're resorting to creative measures like this lol
don't repeat "report XXX"!!!! report those who said report bot guys can we just have fun
IT'S HARD TO REPORT ALL THE BOTS.AND....HOW TO BELIEVE THIS "LIVE" ALSO NOT JUST TWO BOTS VIDEO?
I have reported so many bots on here-me too. Its nice to see you do this bro
why "no report" are you anti?? WE GOTTA FIND THE ANTIS WITHOUT FRIENDLT-FIRE
douse the bots with asacoco that'll work
why can't i send superchat
Feel like report don’t work at all WHY????
Report doesn't work so just chill bro just stay calmm
dont report those who said report plz thats friendly-fire
ANYONE ASKING FOR MEMBER-ONLY ARE BOTS
report till they run out of account
I went to see other people. The comments here are too messy
European here, watching from work. I’ve seen enough memes to know what’s going on
yeah, plenty of NPCs in chat today just raport them
How about lets not report anyone not speaking english
Amd really good But please report "Amd yes" Is just spamming!